hey YouTube time to finish up all right
now like I promised if you have at least
three small elixirs and at least level
two da me you will win this fight with
them here
considerably easy excuse me edinburgh
you own the side of you consider least
now just to get some kills down i'm not
going to take out the floating machines
like up here but i'm going to take a
couple of these down because all your
karma eventually heads up so like this
on my second go on we'll get to be a
point where there's an arena filled with
these guys and tony is guys anyhow
I said just gotta learn to take some
damage I'm sure there's some better way
out there but 45 cigarette this game is
very good about
connecting past places let's see if I
can remember there's a whole wall over
here and if you'll remember there is a
there was a scare up on a previous level
it was much too high rustic rich and
that's where we're headed that exact
same chamber so now that is filled with
water we can swim to the top and grab
that scare if you're not sure i'm
talking about i'll show you in just a
moment and against the slope
you're playing on hard this is the place
for ghost fish for to the first time if
you'll remember this chamber where you
got the Skokie swim up here to the top
and there's our fifth out of 5 scarabs
I tell me if that wasn't easy
here comes our first challenge of the
level are fighting Stoke you would burst
a room filled with these gigantic fish
here for our killing enjoyment and our
karma fulfillment
let's see here we are
you get a safe place tap away on the
next book
come on are you that's aggravating I
made that time left I'm good that's fun
lost the Karma you can't go into the
elevator not lock the chest again to get
in some sort of desired item i just
don't really need anything right now
I've got all five ninpo slots I've got a
crapload of health I really don't need
anything else I'm sure somebody's going
to comment on me not picking up whatever
that item is but honestly I'm telling
you now guys I I could care less as to
what that is so make sure you have full
health to start this fight off grab your
dhabi and this is just going to be
insanely easy look save all first
and here we go
now what we're going to do is we're
going to run around him from to your
left and to be honest my brother gave me
this idea I don't know if he got it off
the internet or not but as it right now
i'm going to give credit to my brother
Rick run around him to the left and
eventually you'll do that X X X Y if you
grabbed you just tap all the buttons you
can mix string the sewickley it's a
strong attack it will hurt you
alright so xxxx xxxx why
another than that just be patient when
it does that Torchic where you t have
the armament of celerity on me boom you
can cause big damage
on go ahead and use one of those three
elixirs I promise here we're going to
only use the real charge do not open
them i read that wrong my nephew's more
than three I mine it's a little close to
the wall so we're not gonna make the
time on the stand near to draw them over
here
just block that point it in
have you missed my time running around
in circles again I could probably take
them on and finish him at the time but
this is once again the safest and
easiest way to take care of you it's
almost laughable
come on charged up and take me there we
go Oh twofer way from the throw a sword
for you you know the UT cocina block it
before like that as you can see
that's it so the big overrated tough
boss Doku poker deal is taken care of
like okay okay so before I cut this off
this will begin the start of chapter 12
good outsmarting find a save point that
I remember if there is one of the
stadium but all the scarabs that are
inside the stadium promotion really easy
to find so one is up on top of here I'm
is just in the place edge remote did oku
walked out of and so I trust you guys
that you can find them unless I find a
safe form which if I find a safe one
i'll show you physically where they are
oh and to begin a level make sure you
pick up the Kotetsu a strong weapon that
I'm probably not gonna offer it because
right
don't care that much about it i'll just
use dragon sort of thing that sets who
need it you can drag health from enemies
with the guy Tetsu but um I probably
push the time on it a little too much no
come to Dublin let's see
Master dental very good i'm on a little
bit of a street here alright so i'm bad
at this next level but i really enjoy
it's a lot different from most ninja
gaiden models um i will see you on 12
which will begin the caverns the ice
caverns and the fire cabins i suppose a
level that most people just hate there
are a lot of shortcuts i'll show you so
to the average gamers bout to Nani I'll
see you over on 12